Title of the project:
Data Analytics Project- Sales Data Analysis Year 2019

Problem Statement:
To maximize profits and expand business through better decision making.

Objective: 
The aim of this project is to analyze data generated by the e-commerce sites such as Amazon, Flipkart, Myntra, etc., and answer following business questions to facilitate better decision making:
•	Which month is best for selling products? How much was earned that month?
•	Which city sold the most product in terms of quantity and sales?
•	What time should we display advertisements to maximize likelihood of customer buying product (What time of the day do people order the most goods online?)
•	What products are most often sold together?
•	Which product has the highest demand and why(which products are sold most and reason why?)
•	
By answering these questions, we will be able to increase the selling rate to maximize profit   and to expand the business.

Hypothesis Testing:
  H0: 
  There is no significance difference in sales volume in terms of sales amount and quantity over the period of 12 months in 2019.
  H1: 
  There is significance difference in sales volume in terms of sales amount and quantity over the period of 12 months in 2019.
  The p value obtained from ANOVA analysis is significant ((p = 0.342) > 0.05), and therefore, we conclude that there are significant differences in sales voulme each month. 
  Hence we reject null hypothesis and accept alternative hypothesis 

Results and Discussions
